fix: group arguments in cli (#1340)
intel/cve-bin-tool: doc/MANUAL.md

  - [Fixing Known Issues / What should I do if it finds something?](#fixing-known-issues-what-should-i-do-if-it-finds-something)
  - [Limitations](#limitations)
  - [Optional Arguments](#optional-arguments)
    - [-e EXCLUDE, --exclude EXCLUDE](#e-exclude-exclude-exclude)
    - [-h, --help](#h-help)
    - [-V, --version](#v-version)
    - [--disable-version-check](#disable-version-check)
  - [NVD Arguments](#nvd-arguments)
    - [-n {json,api}, --nvd {json,api}](#n-json-api-nvd-json-api)

>     - [-u {now,daily,never}, --update {now,daily,never}](#u-now-daily-never-update-now-daily-never)

Reviewer: there's also `latest` choice?

This option skips checking for a new version of the program.

## NVD Arguments

> ### -u {now,daily,never}, --update {now,daily,never}

Reviewer: `latest`?

This option controls the frequency of updates for the CVE data from the National Vulnerability Database.  By default, the tool checks the staleness of the data with every run, and if the data is more than one day old, it gets an update from NVD.  You may also choose to update the data `now` (in which case all cached data is deleted and a full new download is done) or `never` in which case the staleness check is not done and no update is requested.  The `now` and `never` modes can be combined to produce alternative update schedules if daily is not the desired one.

### -n {json,api}, --nvd {json,api}

> This option allows you to set the medium CVE data is updated from the National Vulnerability Database. By default, `json` is enabled, in which the data is fetched using the JSON feeds available on [this page](https://nvd.nist.gov/vuln/data-feeds). These year feeds are updated once per day.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This option allows you to set the medium in which CVE data is updated from the National Vulnerability Database. By default, `json` is enabled, meaning the data is fetched using the JSON feeds available on [this page](https://nvd.nist.gov/vuln/data-feeds). These year feeds are updated once per day.  
```

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This option selects how CVE data is downloaded from the National Vulnerability Database.  The default `json` option uses the JSON feeds available on [this page](https://nvd.nist.gov/vuln/data-feeds). These per-year feeds are updated once per day.  
```

I don't love the word which (a personal preference borne of a prof I used to work with on dense academic papers) so it stood out in the diff.  Here's a go at shortening and taking out "which" entirely.

The logging modes provide additional fine-grained control for debug information.

## Merge Report Arguments

> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

Users may wish to create and combine multiple cve-bin-tool reports to track how vulnerability changes over time, how long it takes to fix issues, or other changes between different reports.  We have a number of options related to merging report data.

```

Taking a stab at an intro section with some common usages, mostly for users wondering if they should try out these arguments.

### -a INTERMEDIATE_PATH, --append INTERMEDIATE_PATH

This option allows you to save the output in form of an intermediate report which you can later merge with other reports of the same format.  
See the detailed guide on [`intermediate reports`](how_to_guides/use_intermediate_reports.html) for more details.  

Intermediate report format

```json
{
    "metadata": {
        "timestamp": "2021-06-17.00-00-30",
        "tag": "backend",
        "scanned_dir": "/home/path/",
        "products_with_cve": 139,
        "products_without_cve": 2,
        "total_files": 49
    },
    "report": [
        {
            "vendor": "gnu",
            "product": "gcc",
            "version": "9.0.1",
            "cve_number": "CVE-2019-15847",
            "severity": "HIGH",
            "score": "7.5",
            "cvss_version": "3",
            "paths": "/home/path/glib.tar.gz,/home/path/gcc.tar.gz",
            "remarks": "NewFound",
            "comments": ""
        },
    ]
}
```

### -t TAG, --tag TAG

This option allows you to save a tag inside the metadata of intermediate reports. By default the value is empty `""`

### -m INTERMEDIATE_REPORTS, --merge INTERMEDIATE_REPORTS

> This option allows you to merge intermediate reports created using `-a` or `--append`. The output from the merged report produces a report on the console. But you can also use it along with `-f --format` and `-o --output-file` to produce output in other formats. It takes a list of comma-separated filepath.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This option allows you to merge intermediate reports created using `-a` or `--append`. The output from the merged report produces a report on the console. But you can also use it along with `-f --format` and `-o --output-file` to produce output in other formats. It takes a list of comma-separated filepaths.
```
